Leave quickly after delivering something
sister
I would like to take care of you and the baby.
Gu Ren, do you think I'm dead?
I can ask for 24 hours of recovery
Give you the best nutritional protection
Enough is enough, sister.
You misunderstood me.
I just want to be a good uncle
uncle
You have lost this qualification
I really know I was wrong.
Don't you want
Do children give their loved ones more protection?
No need sister
Please forgive me.
I apologize for everything I've done before
I said we don't have any relationship anymore
Brother-in-law, brother-in-law, I beg you, please persuade my sister
You really regret it
I already called you brother-in-law
Am I not sincere enough?
Say it
Who knows what's going on in your heart?
Angel
I'm just thinking about my brother-in-law's education
Men should have jobs
Have your own business
Xiao Rui, if you really think so
We can still do housework.
Really? Hello?
Then I'm going to buy baby products for the baby now.
He's more anxious than me.
I'm still a little worried
I just think he will lie to you again.
I'll send someone to keep an eye on him
Make sure he can't do anything to hurt you